<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
  <title>bPad.me</title>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="bpad.png" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  <link rel="manifest" href="manifest.json" /> 
  <style>
    .modal {
      display: none;
      position: fixed;
      z-index: 1;
      left: 0;
      top: 0;
      width: 100%;
      height: 100%;
      overflow: auto;
      background-color: rgba(0,0,0,0.4);
    }
    
    .modal-content {
      background-color: #f8f8f8;
      margin: 15% auto;
      padding: 20px;
      border: 1px solid #888;
      width: 80%;
      max-width: 600px;
      border-radius: 5px;
      box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);
    }
    
    .close {
      color: #aaa;
      float: right;
      font-size: 28px;
      font-weight: bold;
    }
    
    .close:hover,
    .close:focus {
      color: black;
      text-decoration: none;
      cursor: pointer;
    }
    
    .modal-content h2 {
      margin-top: 0;
    }
    
    .modal-content strong {
      display: block;
      margin-top: 15px;
      margin-bottom: 5px;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <textarea id="textbox" autofocus="autofocus" placeholder="Welcome to bPad."></textarea>
  <nav>
    <span id="stats">
      <span id="char-count">0</span> C. 
      <span id="word-count">0</span> W. 
      <span id="line-count">0</span> L.
    </span> 
    <span id="controls">
      <button id="open">^O</button>
      <input id="filename" placeholder="bpad.txt" />
      <button id="save">^S</button>
      <button id="readme-button">?</button>
      <a href="#" title="About bPad" id="about-icon"></a>
      <button id="installButton" style="display: none;">PWA</button>
    </span>
  </nav>
  <input type="file" id="open-input" style="display: none;" />
  
  <!-- Modal for readme -->
  <div id="readme-modal" class="modal">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <span class="close">×</span>
      <h2>Readme</h2>
      <strong>ABOUT</strong>
      <p>bPad is a plaintext editor web app created by barney. bPad autosaves your notes in your browser, can be used offline, and it works on mobile and desktop browsers.</p>
      <p>bPad can open, create, and save plaintext files such as .TXT, .CSV, .XML, .MD, .HTML, .CSS, .LOG, .BAT, .VBS, .SH, .PS1, .PY, .PL, .JS, and more.</p>
      
      <strong>DIRECTIONS</strong>
      <p>Open bpad.me in web browser and start writing. Notes are automatically saved in your browser. bPad can be used offline after the first use. Simply reopen bPad in your browser to continue working on your notes.</p>
      <p>Press CTRL + O or click ^O to edit a file from your computer.</p>
      <p>Press CTRL + S or click ^S to download your notes to your computer. bPad saves your notes as 'bpad.txt' by default but you can change it to any name and filetype (EG rm-rf.sh.)</p>
      <p>Click ? to view this Readme file.</p>
      
      <strong>PRIVACY</strong>
      <p>bPad does not (and cannot) see your notes.</p>
      <p>bPad does not (and cannot) see any activity on your computer.</p>
      <p>bPad does not (and cannot) judge your music choices while using bPad.</p>
      <p>bPad does not (and cannot) track who is using bPad.</p>
      <p>bPad does not (and cannot) sell your data.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <script src="script.js"></script>
  <script>
    // Wait for the DOM to be fully loaded before accessing elements
    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
      // Get the modal
      var modal = document.getElementById("readme-modal");
      
      // Get the button that opens the modal
      var btn = document.getElementById("readme-button");
      
      // Get the <span> element that closes the modal
      var span = document.getElementsByClassName("close")[0];
      
      // When the user clicks the button, open the modal 
      btn.onclick = function() {
        modal.style.display = "block";
      };
      
      // When the user clicks on <span> (x), close the modal
      span.onclick = function() {
        modal.style.display = "none";
      };
      
      // When the user clicks anywhere outside of the modal, close it
      window.onclick = function(event) {
        if (event.target == modal) {
          modal.style.display = "none";
        }
      };
    });
    
    let deferredPrompt;
    window.addEventListener('beforeinstallprompt', (e) => {
      e.preventDefault();
      deferredPrompt = e;
      const installButton = document.getElementById('installButton');
      installButton.style.display = 'block';
      installButton.addEventListener('click', () => {
        installButton.style.display = 'none';
        deferredPrompt.prompt();
        deferredPrompt.userChoice.then((choiceResult) => {
          if (choiceResult.outcome === 'accepted') {
            console.log('User accepted the A2HS prompt');
          } else {
            console.log('User dismissed the A2HS prompt');
          }
          deferredPrompt = null;
        });
      });
    });
  </script>
</body>
</html>
